cloud: add billing profile (#9531)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-billing.md

2. Click **Billing**.
3. Click the **Payment Method** tab.
4. Select a credit card in the credit card list, and click **Set as default**.

### Edit billing profile information

> The billing profile information includes the business legal address and tax registration information. By providing your tax registration number, your invoice might be exempt from paying certain taxes.

Author: ```suggestion
The billing profile information includes the business legal address and tax registration information. By providing your tax registration number, certain taxes might be exempt from your invoice.
```

> The billing profile information includes the business legal address and tax registration information. By providing your tax registration number, the collection of certain taxes might be exempted from your invoice.

Author: ```suggestion
The billing profile information includes the business legal address and tax registration information. By providing your tax registration number, your invoice might be exempt from paying certain taxes.
```
